After watching video, definitely I would like to make a case to add "Go/GoLang"  to the list of approved programming languages. To support my case, I will outline below points:

Golang, also known as Go, is productive, scalable, and easy to use programming language in software industry. Go was designed to address the issue during development of software applications at Google. Go makes the development environment efficient for its designers and developers. This makes it excellent tool for software engineering on large software projects. The language was designed for people who write, develop and maintain the large software applications.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Below are some of issues that were addressed at Google:                                                                                                                                                                                   
      • Multicore and networked programs                                                                                                                                                                                                  
      • Fast compilation and optimized performance                                                                                                                                                                                        
      • Security errors                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
      • Built in concurrency for applications                                                                                                                                                                                             
      • Easy to use for developers                                                                                                                                                                                                        
      • Multiplatform support                                                                                                                                                                                                             
      
Go is a compiled, concurrent, garbag collected, statically typed language. Go gets directly compiled from binary files that adds to its fast build times enabling iterative development. Memory management has a intense effect on the way a language works in practical.  In Go, programming the unused dependencies are treated as a compile time error instead of warning or an error. If the source code imports a package that is not in use, the program will not compile. This guarantees by design that the dependency tree for any Go program is accurate and precise. This also ensures that no extra code will be compiled while building the program, which minimizes compilation time. Golang's automatic garbage collection ensures that unused objects no more occupy memory. This is another reason GoLang makes it faster as compared to other programming language, with proper memory management.

Servers built with GoLang have immediate start up time and are cheaper to run with pay-as-you-go model and serverless deployment methods.
Go has a strong ecosystem for application development in software industry. The design of Go's package system combines some of the properties of libraries, name spaces and modules into a single construct. The standard library includes packages for common needs like HTTP servers and clients, JSON/XML parsing, SQL databases, and a range of security/encryption functionality. Its wide use in server and cloud environments, its speed and simplicity of use, and its noticeable capabilities for data analysis, have made it a prime choice for developers in software industry. Go programs are built up from modules. These modules can be used from other programmers or can be self developed modules by programmer using them.

Go’s popularity is that the language is backward compatible, that means applications written in earlier versions of Golang will stay stable even after updates. This adds key strength to the Go. Golang, have capability to reduce the load on application servers or most amount of resources, reducing the bottlenecks, enhancing resource utilization. This makes application execution faster with good performance. 

Concurrency is important to the modern software and computing applications with its multicore machines running web servers with multiple clients. This multithreading and concurrency are not properly supported in other programming languages. Go enables simple, safe concurrent programming, with no indexing and pointers like other programming languages. Go has pointers to work faster, but doe not work on concept of pointer arithmetic.

Thanks to the programming language being highly efficient and easy on memory and CPU utilization. Either way, organization using it will see a visible difference in server costs, efficiency and ease of use.
I am excited to continue my journey to learn Golang. I am looking forward to do testing and POC on some more code with Go including data engineering. I am also excited to educate my team about how powerful Go is so as it gets added to the approved list of languages.
